for this recipe we are going to need two
lemons only the juice in salt and pepper
to taste
three tablespoons of oil one and a half
cup of cooked and drained lentils
half cup of chopped parsley leaves 12
medium finely chopped mint leaves
purple onion finely chopped two
cucumbers peeled and chopped and destined and
100 grams of crumbled feta cheese and
now if we are going to start preparing
first let's start with the by the
vinaigrette this columbus to mix
our ingredients we are going to put
first the fist of the other lemon the
cubito of the stakes around here
lemon is very very good for the stomach
It also helps a lot when they have
stomach problems so that they
hurts the little leg helps a lot
only so to regenerate the mucosa of the
stomach even if you do not believe it if this one
it has been but this help a lot we are going
to put salt and pepper
before mixing our oil because
well it dissolves well
the salsita because they already put when
we incorporate the oil
so they stay like the brutes here
the anticipated and all kinds
to incorporate lime very well
and now we are going to incorporate our
successes
so this must be incorporated into
ilo so that it falls slowly and alone
is already doing that as more expensive the
vinaigrette when there are arrows acidity
de jalón stays as ' los como como como
the lumps so oil then this
helps add a little there that
coordinate a little beat in 8
as if they were 8
until the vinaigrette turns the
consistency that you say I
I recommend that what they use of oil
a healthy oil for the heart
Well, to give it once taking off the
cholesterol and triglycerides and yes
you have diabetes will serve you very much
and it's more oil also helps
eliminate uric acid
this one that did a lot of you and I was all
Friday and I do not know why that is going to
help remove muscle pain by
brave afternoon
good to this mine cracks I'm going to
book here a little bit we are going to put
here our little lenses
I do not do not want to use I want to speculate
that
because they are very rich in salad in
all
and they smell rich they smell like sweet cited
perfect now let's put our
minced parsley
let's incorporate it to give them the
flavor
we are also going to put lies
and we will incorporate again
and now let them put onion
I recommend that you make a purple ball that
is a little bit less strong than
white onion I love the
onions blackberries apart from that the
purple onion unlike the
white onion has beta carotene and the
of such carotenes apart from that they arrange
the skin exhibited in the wrinkles of
think that it tastes very rich
it gives us antioxidants again and one
when the itches it then this and now less
we have to cry we are going to put the cucumber
that this is now that you have to be rich
is very fresh salad wants us
eat wants to eat
well that downward
ah good good good incorporate the
cucumber and I think I stayed the goal a
little boy but look when I see that
it is also a protein source then
this dish is really very good
to start the day because I also know
they can eat breakfast because not now
let's incorporate our
exactly that is to give you the
flavor I want to put a little more
of salt and pepper
and to give him nothing else what he lacks
taste that does not lack salt to the food and
salt represents only 5% of what
we eat so do not worry
by the reflection of the liquid already be
quiet
this our salad let's go to
put it here to reserve it a little while in
the reverse so that it takes flavor and while
so much we are going the commercial cuts
and we return the horses
remember that lentils are rich in
vegetable proteins also contribute
basic iron and fiber for a diet
balanced your intake contributes to
decrease cholesterol by its very high
content